To get rich, you have to work for money, AND make it work for you too. Follow The Winsurance Lab on Facebook and watch how you too can create financial freedom through trading the financial markets. It will always be free! WHY IT’S TOTALLY DIFFERENT: The Winsurance Lab is definitely NOT a pay-for-training business. We offer a refreshingly transparent service of analyzing the markets to work out the mathematically best trading positions. To get there, we use exactly 2,043,020 handmade formulas that look at every datum necessary, as determined by Kagiso, a former trader with one of the banks in Johannesburg. “I left trading at a big bank in Sandton to start my own marketing business back in Durban. Then lost EVERYTHING over a supplier’s strike related disaster. I lived like a hobbo. Sleeping on cardboard, using rubbish plastics as blankets. “It wasn’t until I developed this effective trading system that I finally saw a brighter day. “Everybody is invited as we share our trading moves free on Facebook “It’s free. Just Follow. Evaluate. Copytrade to grow with us when ready. It costs R0.00 to watch, and R0.00 to use this information. Forever. That’s not even the best part. The remarkable returns generated by The Winsurance Lab trades are why we are here, even if we did charge R24,000 a year. At the time of writing Winsurance trades had turned a hypothetical R100,000 on 03 Dec 2015 into R3,589,389 on 17 Oct 2018. This is about 249.4% per annum! “We’re seeing just short of 249.4% per annum since the end of 2015, it’s a smoothish graph which doesn’t care if the market is falling or booming because let’s face it, nobody knows. It’s carefully hedged to protect you from that, as evidenced by a constant mix of longs and shorts (buys and sells). Market direction is cancelled out that way, leaving only the risk the system determined can be maneuvered into profit. Thereby giving this stubborn uptrend, surely not in a straight line. Rest assured, there will be rare bouts of drawdown but you are in experienced hands. Winsurance is something you have to see in real life to believe. The way our graphs stubbornly go up, at some point you may possibly wish to trade. Just choose your own broker independently and only receive free picks from The Winsurance Lab as long as you want to. You could even start small with R5,000 and let it grow. Withdraw that money back. Leave the rest to grow wild. Big or small, just make sure you’re following the percentages given in the Winsurance Lab picks exactly. It’s the only way to receive the financial benefits of always having the mathematically best trades. Finally, something genuine! Zibonele! Follow WinsuranceLab on Facebook. Evaluate. Copytrade. Grow with us.  http://www.facebook.com/winsurancelab  