Africa is a rich tapestry of fascinating cultures, spectacular scenery and incredible fauna and flora. It’s a land of extremes and packed full of hidden gems. They say you can never leave Africa; it stays with you, there inside your head. Where to go in Africa? The choice is endless. 1.  ‘Safari to sea’ tour of South Africa Arriving in Johannesburg, the city of gold; you’ll travel to the far reaches of the northern territory to explore the iconic Kruger National Park where you’re guaranteed incredible sightings of the Big 5. As an alternative, you can visit premier game reserves in a malaria-free region such as the hugely popular Pilanesberg Game Reserve and Madikwe Game Reserve. After a wonderful safari tour, your trip to South Africa takes you to the sea at the southern tip of Africa. Cape Town is rich in cultural history and known for its breathtaking scenery. Take Route 62 which meanders from the heart of the iconic Cape Winelands to magical outposts along The Garden Route. 2.  Diving with dugongs in Mozambique There are a hundred reasons to visit the magical coastline of Mozambique but a major drawcard is scuba diving in some of the best dive sites in the world and the allure of discovering the elusive dugong in the water. Also known as sea cows, dugongs are a vulnerable species found grazing peacefully on sea grasses in shallow water off the coast of Mozambique. View our Mozambique Holiday Packages and Tours 3.  Bungee jumping off the Victoria Falls Bridge, Zimbabwe Victoria Falls in Zimbabwe is known as the “Adrenalin Capital of Africa”. It’s a popular 3-in-1 tourist destination offering travellers a unique combination of safari tours, spectacular scenery and adrenalin-packed adventures. Something wild and exciting for your bucket list is bungee jumping off the historic Victoria Falls Bridge followed by a glorious scenic helicopter trip over the thundering waterfall. View our Victoria Falls Tours and Safaris 4.  Mokoro cruise on the Okavango Delta, Botswana Botswana is a premier safari destination in Africa and where you’ll find the world-renowned Okavango Delta, Chobe National Park and the magnificent Kalahari Desert. The best way to experience the glorious natural wonders of the Okavango Delta is cruising down the intricate watercourse in a mokoro which is a handcrafted Tswana canoe. View our Botswana Safaris and Tours 5.  The mysterious Skeleton Coast, Namibia Namibia is a land of extremes; from the parched Namib Desert and Sossusvlei to the rugged beauty of Damaraland and the natural wonders of Etosha National Park. What you’ll find fascinating is the stark and ghostly coastline of the shipwreck-strewn Skeleton Coast. It’s a mysterious and magical wonderland waiting to be explored. View our Namibia Safaris and Tours 6.  The Great Migration in Serengeti National Park, Tanzania Tanzania boasts three of the Seven Natural Wonders of Africa as well as the highest mountain in the world and the largest and deepest lake on the continent. The most famous of its iconic destinations is the Serengeti National Park; it’s the best place to see the Great Migration where thousands upon thousands of wildebeest and zebra make the treacherous journey across vast savanna plains and through crocodile-infested rivers to reach ancient grazing grounds. View our Tanzania Safaris 7.  Perfect days on idyllic beaches in Zanzibar After a spectacular safari tour of Tanzania, treat yourself to a few days at a luxury resort on a powder-white beach on one of the main islands which form the Zanzibar Archipelago. Enjoy a day tour of Stone Town and the island’s exotic spice plantations. View our Zanzibar Holidays and Tours 8.  Hot air balloon safari tour over the Masai Mara, Kenya Kenya is the gold standard for the ultimate safari experience in Africa and is famous for the Great Migration where some 2 million wildebeest trek across the great Masai Mara National Reserve. The best way to experience this iconic wilderness region is in a hot air balloon; floating miles above pristine bushveld with a bird’s eye view of the reserves incredible natural wonders. View our Kenya Safaris and Tours 9.  Gorilla trekking in Volcanoes National Park, Rwanda A few years ago Rwanda was a desperate country ravaged by brutal conflict. Today, it’s one of the safest safari destinations in Africa and shooting to the top of travelers’ bucket lists. The ultimate experience in Rwanda is gorilla trekking in the thickly-forested Volcanoes National Park. If that’s a bit pricey, you’ll have just as much fun chimpanzee trekking in the mountainous terrain. View our Gorilla Trekking Safaris 10.  Luxury beach resorts at Nosy Be in Madagascar Madagascar is magical and known for its wonderful scenery and natural resources which includes thousands of unique animal species as well as over 100 species of lemur. Our favourite place is Nosy Be which is a stunning island off Madagascar’s northwestern coast. It’s renowned for its luxury resorts and pristine beaches. View our Madagascar Holidays on Special 11.  Explore the ancient Tea Route in Mauritius Mauritius is well-known for its all-inclusive holiday packages to luxury beach resorts situated on palm-lined beaches. Our favourite thing to do on the tropical island is explore the ancient Tea Route which takes you inland to exotic landmarks such as the gardens of the Bois Cheri tea plantation, the spice garden at Domaine de Saint Aubin and Domaine des Aubineaux which is a colonial house built in 1872. It’s a fascinating insight into the rich cultural heritage of Mauritius. View our Mauritius Holidays on Specials 12.  Nile boat cruise in Egypt The Pyramids and Sphinx at Gaza in Cairo make Egypt famous but when you’ve seen them, it’s time to join a tour group for a wonderful cruise on a luxury boat on the Nile River with daily excursions to ancient landmarks such as the Karnak Temple which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. A Nile boat cruise in Egypt is a delightful way to combine a fascinating history tour with hours of peace and relaxation. View our Egypt Tours MORE MAGICAL DESTINATIONS IN SOUTH AFRICA