White River Manor Wellness Centre lies nestled in a beautiful 100-year old garden on an 8-hectare property on the outskirts of the town of White River in South Africa. It’s an executive rehab centre offering a comprehensive treatment programme modified to the individual needs of clients seeking treatment for addiction. The facility offers 5-star luxury accommodation and world-class treatment for addiction in a tranquil setting. It’s regarded as one of the best treatment centres in South Africa and is a sought-after destination rehab facility. The emphasis is on fitness and good health where the goal is to restore balance in mind, body and soul and facilitate a smooth and effective reintroduction back to a new life.  Background  Founder Jerry Hartless, from the United States, discovered the town of White River in 2012 enroute to Mozambique. Impressed by the natural setting and town infrastructure, Jerry bought an established 5-star guest house and set about fulfilling his vision to create a world-class facility offering better facilities and better service than he’d personally experienced in the United States as a recovering addict. The result is a world-class treatment centre that offers luxurious accommodation and exemplary service at a fraction of the cost of international rehab facilities.  Location  White River is the gateway to the Kruger National Park and the premier private game reserves in the Greater Kruger National Park as well as incredible destinations in Mozambique and Swaziland, offering clients unique experiences that play a vital role in their recovery process.  Treatment philosophy  White River Manor provides clients with a safe and sober environment to heal. Fitness and exercise is an essential component of the recovery process and clients are encouraged to participate in activities designed to restore balance to their lives and rejuvenate mind, body and soul. Clients are allowed their cell phones and laptops and there is a business centre on the property with complimentary Wi-Fi and a video conferencing facility. This integrated approach enables a smooth and effective transition back to their new lives once they leave the sanctuary of the therapeutic community.  World-class addiction treatment  White River Manor opened its doors in 2015; however, the executive team and professional staff have decades of experience in the treatment of addiction. At the helm are Miles and Jeanine Fourie who have over 25 years experience between them working at a highly successful long-stay addiction treatment centre in South Africa. The centre has a staff with advanced knowledge and extensive experience in the treatment of addiction and also has a close working relationship with consulting psychologists and psychiatrists as well as a pastor and spiritual counsellor. Everyone works collaboratively on a client’s recovery plan and provide a highly personalised approach to individual and group therapy.  Unique experiences  Destination rehab to countries like South Africa is growing in popularity largely because it’s a more affordable option but also because it’s an opportunity to put some distance between the person and their business and home situation and embrace new places, new cultures and new experiences. Unique experiences include a full-day safari tour of the Kruger National Park and a morning spent interacting with beautiful gentle giants at Elephant Whispers. Apart from incredible wildlife sightings, clients can forget about everything for a short time and soak up the healing power of the bushveld.  Length of stay  The minimum stay at White River Manor is 28 days but clients may stay for as long as they need for their recovery journey.  Cost of treatment  All-inclusive pricing starts at $USD 6 950 for 28 days ($USD 248 per day). View our cost effective option at the White River Recovery Centre here Included in the price: assessment and personalised treatment plan individual and group therapy aftercare plan with ongoing counseling and therapeutic support luxury accommodation full amenities including free Wi-Fi, 24-hour security, sports and recreational activities meal plan supervised by a qualified nutritionist and prepared by an executive chef transport from/to Kruger Mpumalanga International Airport Fees vary depending on the choice of accommodation; the cost also depends on what leisure and adventure activities you choose. Begin your recovery today… schedule a private and confidential consultation +27 (82) 7315939 (South Africa) 1 (800) 205-5961 (Toll Free) bookings@whiterivermanor.flywheelsites.com   * This advertorial content was sponsored by White River Manor Recovery Centre.